add adguard for windows v8 section (#785)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-windows-8/settings/support.md

---
title: Support
sidebar_position: 3
---

:::info

This article describes AdGuard for Windows v8.0, a comprehensive ad blocker that protects your device at the system level. This is a beta release that is still under development. To try it, download the [beta version of AdGuard for Windows](https://agrd.io/windows_beta).

:::

![Settings *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/windows/version_8/settings/support.png)

Use this section if you have any questions or suggestions about AdGuard for Windows v8.0. We recommend checking the [FAQ](https://adguard.com/support/faq.html) and this Knowledge base before contacting support.

> If you notice a missed ad, please report it using *Report incorrect blocking*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice a missed ad, please let us know using *Report incorrect blocking*.
```
